# Meeting notes 23rd May 2019
## Third meeting - discuss what to do after initial studies

## Questions going in:
* Demonstrate working QKD sim - use as demonstration of verification of SimulaQron? Tune qubit coherence time to study behavior?
  * Main issue with SimulaQron is timeout, can try fixing by writing my own client-server communication (may be a good exercise anyway) - will need to implement threading properly for this (with locks/semaphores)
  * Change to RNG format + test output against NIST? (needs to be faster to get better output)
* What is our 'starting point'? i.e. the scope of the project - do we assume we have some quantum system that can generate random numbers satisfying a certain property. Generate using mobile phone - beyond scope?
  * datasets/high-bandwith livestream of quantum-generated random numbers available; but even these describe implementation of various protocols to convert low(er) quality output into higher quality.
  * for e.g. vacuum-state based protocols, issue is the electrical noise in the circuit. Gaussian noise easy to simulate for bit/phase flips, adversarial noise - can we introduce a controlled noise into the system which causes output to fail/pass randomness test.
  * bitrate is common figure, but will be difficult (i.e. not possible) to simulate using SimulaQron - can discuss in protocol summary but not in simulations - is this okay?

## What we discussed:

* SimulaQron demo looks fine. I'll carry on with developing this in my own time.

* We should consider the full setup of experiments - simulating the quantum components is key. 
* We can have multiple protocols per wiki page. 

* Try out making a draft of a protocol, starting with the [Random numbers certified by Bell’s theorem](https://www.nature.com/articles/nature09008) paper.

## TODO!

* Carry on with SimulaQron dev - look into threads (e.g. locks, semaphores, etc...)
* Produce draft of a wiki entry